what is the second day of the second
week of groups with coverage presented
by mullux I'm joined right now by ldren
who is well you know you're hanging in
there right yeah so talk to me a little
bit about your experience at Worlds this
year how satisfied are you with it are
you disappointed how do you know how are
you feeling right now
before coming to Worlds our aim was
making making it to the quarter finals
but we had some issues with the visa so
we ended up playing with a substitute
jungler and the whole team is kind of
changed around it because they like both
of them are like different style like
exactly so it was kind of hard for us to
adapt and we ended up losing in the
group stage but like of course we are
kind of I can say frustrated about the
result but we are kind of happy that we
achieved our goal as well
well I mean it's impressive that what
you were able to do with a sub I what do
you think about your group because it
seems like it was a pretty tough group
that you guys got dropped in as well
like if you could end up in Group B or
Group D I think it would be much easier
for us but I think like what I don't
know if it was the toughest one but our
opponents and I I mean RNG and SK I mean
Samsung was really tough and like they
exploit our weaknesses pretty well so we
ended up ended up losing the group but
yeah what do you think between our
energy and Samsung are their chances of
making it you know past quarters and
maybe even the finals um first week ing
was looking pretty much stronger in my
opinion compared to Samsung but I think
Samsung really improved a lot within the
one week and in my opinion they are
stronger I think they will have a much
they will have a match and in my opinion
something will end up winning it and I
think Samsung has a better chance it's
like going more compared to the RNG as
we just say as we film this we're about
to see the Samsung and an RG match for
you you know what is this worlds mean
for you and what do you what do you
think it means for next year for your
region as a region we are I think
improving a lot and I think next year if
if we can make it to the Worlds again I
I promised like everyone can see a
better and stronger FP during the world
so like if we like next time if you
don't have visa issues I think we will
have pretty much like higher chance
making making it to the quarterfinals
and should we expect to see you at MSI
next year hopefully hopefully it's a
fair answer and then what happens next
because I'm actually less a little less
familiar with the structure if your
region like do you get to have some
downtime or is there stuff happening I
mean obviously there's all-stars we do
have downtime but if like if you have if
you are the winner of the region I think
you have like almost no break because of
like when the split ends you go to the
all-stars and for example I'm studying
as well in the college so I'm having
like literally every year no break and
I'm just keeping like going on so it's
kind of tough for me but I'm kind of
used to it that's fascinating I'm sorry
I didn't know you were in college
there's very few pro players that are
still trying to balance both of those is
that are you and you're able to do that
you think not perfectly but like like of
course it's really tough and it gets a
lot of time to for especially for
collagen for pro player as well so I'm
trying trying to make it both work so I
think I'm kind of successfully with it
so I like I hope I can continue with
that yeah very good well it's very
impressive is there anything that you
would like to say tuning of the fans I
wanna thank all of the fans for cheating
us they knew we were playing with a sub
jungler and they kind of lowered our
their expectation as well which was
really great for us in my opinion and I
think we like fulfilled their
expectations making form with making it
to the group stage and like I promise
you will see by the FP next year thank
you so much for the interview
yeah looking forward to hopefully
catching you at MSI next year if not
we'll see your worlds forever else you
can check out the rest of our coverage
of all things at Worlds right here on my
youtube channel guess what
worlds is happening in they were you
know right behind me right now and I
would not be here in China covering it
if it wasn't for Mobile Enix
Mobile Enix is a service that helps you
figure out your personal strengths and
weaknesses so you can get better at
legal legends so help me out by checking
them out at mobility slash Travis